I would like to introduce the High Commissioner, Nozomushi Nakagawa.
On September 1, 1912, at 11.58 a.m.,
the Great Shinsai of the Kanto, which had suddenly occurred,
was completely destroyed and the island was burned to the ground.
It was the last thing that was left to live, and it was 100,000 people.
At that time, when people were in extreme fear and anxiety,
the government issued a
large-scale reconstruction plan.
The most difficult thing was the land management.
This was done in the area of 100,000 to 200,000 sq. m. through Tokyo and Yokohama.
Based on the design of the land, 220,000 buildings were transferred.
At first, there was a public objection, but it was soon understood,
so the opposition turned to support and cooperation.
In other words, the land management was based on the spirit of the land,
which was completely separated from the people, and was fully developed.
Among the reconstruction projects, the road is the most popular type.
The new road that was built and expanded was built in Tokyo alone.
The number of roads was added to the number of deep sewage routes
with 52 ports and 122 auxiliary lines,
which is an extension of 180 miles.
Next is the Koryo.
Both the Great Shinsai and the Great Shinsai of the Kanto were built in the shape of a large-scale construction,
including the 6 major cities of Sumida,
and 560 extra cities in addition to the new and restored ones.
Next is the Kasen and Ungato.
13 cities in addition to the new and restored ones.
Next is the park.
In addition to the three parks in Sumida, Hamachou, and Kinshi,
a small park of 50 square meters was built.
In addition, 117 schools were rebuilt,
and the
reconstruction projects include the waterway, hospital,
sanitary facilities,
the workplace,
the automatic health consultation office,
the 13-seat public transportation,
rural accommodation,
bathhouse,
many small public Mars DLC Malawian Saw afternoons.
The 올述理市場, electric store and so on have been relocated.
The East Japan condensed sea system has been new and extensive Fool...,
and in order to rebuild the generic building materials unstable because of obstacles.